# Complaint

For complaint against companies which are not a part of this list, Please call on Toll free no.1800-11-4000 or SMS your name,city and send it to +8130009809 to enable NCH to call you back on the next working day.
First register your Complaint with the respective Company / Service Provider. Wait for 5 Working Days. If you don't receive a resolution within 5 working days, then register your complaint on our Website. 
For banking complaints please provide account no., for insurance provide policy no.,for loan provide loan account no. and for eCommerce provide order no.

### Sector
Courier

### Category
Gift

### Company
DTDC Couriers

## Complaint pertains to
### State
KARNATAKA

### City
Bangalore

### Problem
Missing of parcel

## Complaint (Max of 2000 charaters)
### Postal Service
#### 1. Name of Transaction Post Office 
DTDC Pune

#### 2. PIN NO 
411040

#### 3. Name of Destination P.O 
DTDC Bangalore

#### 4. PIN No 
560047

#### 5. Name, address, Mail & Ph. No of Sender
- Maya Agarwal
- Mera society Flat no. 118/7. Sanker Seh road. Pune 411040.
- maya.agarwal2@gmail.com
- 9970186682

#### 6. Name, address, Mail & Ph. No of recipient
- Shubhajit Saha
- 35 Mane Building, 7th Main road Srivangalu Tank Bed layout. Bangalore 560047.
- suvozit@live.com
- 9970186882

#### 7. Postal Receipt. No 
P34566050

#### 8. Efforts taken to redress
- Nov 06, 2015: Shipment booked
- Nov 08, 2015: Shipment arrived at DTDC Facility (MADIWALA BRANCH,BANGALORE)
- Nov 19, 2015: I registered a complaint on phone (080-3300-4444) (Case id: 01126813). But the customer care behaved very irresponsibly and didn't took any steps for the case logged.
- Nov 24, 2015: I visited the Madiwala branch and meet Navin but they were not able to give any status of the consignment
- Nov 24, 2015: I visited the DTDC main office at Chamraj Peth, talked to Hemant and Customer Care TL, they said it was Scanned and received at Madiwala branch. I was promised by Hemant that I'll be informed about the status of the consignment by 12:30pm next day.
- Nov 25, 2015: I was told by customer care that the consignment is lost in some branch. Althought they said it was scanned at Madiwala Branch.
- Nov 25, 2015: I emailed Mohanraj (BLR CSS INCHARGE) (mohanr@dtdc.com) to check the issue and send me a claim form or mention the details to be mentioned in the claim.
- Nov 26, 2015: Mohan Raj ask for my details and forwared the case to Moumita Sanyal (MGR CSS-Pune) (moumitasanyal@dtdc.com). But I didn't receive any relpy from her.
- Dec 02, 2015: I was worried and send a mail to Mohan Raj. Moumita Sanyal forwarded the case to Jyoti. Others ccd: claims.pnq@dtdc.com; CUSTOMER SUPPORT (customersupport@dtdc.com); Roopa Ravikumar (CSS MGR-BLR) (Roopa.ravikumar@dtdc.com); HUB MANAGER MADIWALA (hubmgr.madiwala@dtdc.com).


# Docket No.       : 2963715364715